Restart, let's just pretend we didn't
Okay.
What's your fav, favorite? Yeah.
Oh. You put on topping.
Yeah.
Shrimp, fish... Yeah. Aahhh...
Ayih.
I love shrimp.
Ohhhh.
That's kind of like, like fat, right?
It's basically... Yeah.
Seafood. Yeah.
Yummy. It's on top. It's on top.
Yeah. That was the first thing I ate.
When I went to Japan. The first thing I ate. So good.
mmh
Oh, Yeah.
Yeah.
Exactly there actually I heard that the place that has the most snowfall in the world is like
Aomori. And I was really surprised that it's not like, it's not even Antarctica.
You know. It's Aomori. That's what , that's what I know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. It actually has the most snowfall in the world, like the most snow.
I know, that surprised me though.
Like haven't you seen the videos where it's like totally covering the house?
I hope.
And...
Uh-huh.
Yup.
mmh
Yeah.
Oh, I wasn't born.
I would probably only go to like Sapporo like the main
city. Yeah.
I know.
How's their seafood?
What do you eat?
Oh shoot, because it's so far away from the ocean.
Yeah.
mmh
What, jellyfish?
Oh.
Weird.
Is that the weirdest thing you ate?
Oh.
What?
What, you voluntarily ordered it?
Aah.
Oh, you cooked it yourself?
Oh.